# buildspace Solana NFT Drop Project
### Welcome 👋

The Scandinivan Toilet Minter

###Deploy to mainnet-beta
1. Upload your NFTs to Arweave (which is a decentralized file-store) and initialize your candy machine's config.
   1. Set up a keypair
      1. solana-keygen recover 'prompt://?key=0/0' -o id3.json
         1. Enter your seedphase: you can get this from your phantom wallet
         2. I didn't need a passphrase.
      2. solana config set --keypair id3.json
      3. solana config get
   2. Switch to main-net
      1. solana config set --url https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com
   
   Upload:
   ts-node ../~/metaplex-foundation/metaplex/js/packages/cli/src/candy-machine-cli.ts upload ./assets --env mainnet-beta --keypair ~/.config/solana/id3.json

   ts-node ../~/metaplex-foundation/metaplex/js/packages/cli/src/candy-machine-cli.ts create_candy_machine --env mainnet-beta --keypair ~/.config/solana/id3.json -p .05

   ts-node ../~/metaplex-foundation/metaplex/js/packages/cli/src/candy-machine-cli.ts update_candy_machine --date "1 Dec 2021 00:12:00 GMT" --env mainnet-beta --keypair ~/.config/solana/id3.json



   Delete the .cache folder that was generated by the Metaplex CLI's candy machine commands.
Change up your NFT files to be whatever you want!
Run Metaplex's upload command via the CLI to upload the NFTs.
Run Metaplex's verify command via the CLI to make sure the NFTs were uploaded.
Run Metaplex's create_candy_machine command via the CLI to create a new candy machine.
Run Metaplex's update_candy_machine command via the CLI to create the drop date.
Update your .env file with all your new addresses.

2. Create your candy machine on Metaplex's contract.
3. Update your candy machine with the proper drop date for your NFTs — this is the date when people can actually start minting your NFTs.
